# Stray Game - Wiki Helper Bot

### Description
This repository hosts the code of an artificial intelligence assistant designed to answer questions related to the video game “Stray”. It uses advanced natural language processing and document search techniques to provide accurate and detailed answers based on information gathered from the game's official wiki.

### Key Features
- **Document Extraction:** Uses `ReadTheDocsLoader` to load documents from `stray.fandom.com`, processing them to extract relevant information.
- **Indexing and Search:** Implements `PineconeVectorStore` for efficient document indexing and retrieval, using embeddings generated by `OpenAIEmbeddings`.
- **Dynamic Interaction:** Includes a user interface built with `Streamlit` that allows users to interact with the bot and receive real-time responses.
- **Chat History:** Maintains a history of interactions to enhance future responses and provide additional context during question and answer sessions.

### Technologies Used
This project is built using Python and several specialized libraries and services, including:

- LangChain for language processing and chatbot logic.
- OpenAI for embeddings and AI models.
- Pinecone for efficient vector index management.
- Streamlit for creating the web user interface.
- Beautiful Soup and Requests for web scraping and data handling.

### Installation
To run this project locally, clone the repository and follow the steps below:

1. **Clone this repository:**
Start by cloning the repository to your local machine using:

`git clone https://github.com/lemoonchild/AI-Stray-Game-Bot-Project.git`

2. **Install the necessary dependencies:**
Navigate to the project directory and install the required Python libraries:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

3. **Create an Index in Pinecone:**
Set up a new index on Pinecone, a vector database that will store and retrieve the embeddings used by the bot. You can create an index by visiting [Pinecone](https://www.pinecone.io).

4. **Configure Environment Variables**
Create a `.env` file in the project root directory and define the necessary environment variables:
- OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
- PINECONE_API_KEY=your_pinecone_api_key_here
- INDEX_NAME= your_index_name_here

(Include the name of the index also in the consts)

5. **Run Ingestion.py:**
Execute `Ingestion.py` to load the documents into Pinecone, which the bot will use to fetch data:

6. Run the Streamlit server:
Start the Streamlit server to interact with the AI bot through a web interface:

`streamlit run frontend.py`

### Usage
Launch the Streamlit interface and use the text field to enter questions related to the game "Stray". The bot will process your input and provide answers based on the indexed data, along with the sources of information used.

### Sample Questions for Stray Wiki Assistant Bot
You can use the following questions to interact with the Stray Wiki Assistant Bot and get detailed information about the game:

- What is Stray game about? 
- Who is the main character? 
- Can you list the different types of items the Cat can collect in Stray?
- Who is Momo? 
- What is the main objective of the Cat in Stray?
- How does the Cat interact with the environment in Stray?
- What are the challenges players face in Stray?
- Who developed Stray and when was it released?

### Demostration

Video: https://youtu.be/bjmJ9EMBF2A 



